Improve Documentation (#339)
hivemq/mqtt-cli: docs/_docs/shell/disconnect.md

***

Connect a client which is identified by myClient on specific settings and disconnect it afterward

```
mqtt> con -i myClient -h broker.hivemq.com
myClient@localhost> exit  # client is still connected
mqtt> dis -i myClient -h broker.hivemq.com
```

> **NOTE**: Besides the **identifier** also the **hostname** has to be given to uniquely identify the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: When specifying the **identifier** to uniquely identify the client, the **hostname** must also be provided.
If you don't specify both, the default settings for these attributes will be used, which may lead to unexpected behavior.
```
